Add comparison with tRPC to README (#2180)
RobinTail/express-zod-api: README.md

Design / DX comparison:

| tRPC  | express-zod-api | Comment |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------ |
| Custom HTTP protocol | :+1: Regular REST  | express-zod-api is great not only for greenfield projects but also for existing ones |
| Works mainly with mono-repo | :+1: Works as well with mono-repo and multi-repo | See https://github.com/trpc/trpc/discussions/1860 |
| Third-party REST and OpenAPI compatiblity | :+1: Out-of-the box  | [trpc-openapi](https://github.com/jlalmes/trpc-openapi) does not seem to be maintained anymore |
| :+1: Automatic rich data serialization/deserialization with superjson | Depends on your client generator | |

Here is a mapping of concepts between the two projects for people that would like to migrate:

| tRPC  | express-zod-api | Comment |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------ |
| router  | routing  | |
| publicProcedure | defaultEndpointsFactory | |
| Middleware `.use()`  | Middleware `.addMiddleware()`  | Both can be chained while retaining type-safety |
| Procedure | Endpoint | |

> | Context | N/A | A middleware can be used instead |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Context | `options` | A middleware can be used to provide `options` |
```
